Update Example for sandbox (#1576)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/great_expectations_data_validation/README.md

```shell
rm -rf zenml_examples
```

# Run it on the sandbox

> ZenML offers a sandbox environment where you can effortlessly run your pipelines on a Kubernetes cluster. This complimentary service is an excellent starting point for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZenML offers a sandbox environment where you can effortlessly run your pipelines on a Kubernetes cluster. This complimentary service is an excellent way to try out a production deployment.
```
